README.md, before:

bookmarks
=========

Personal zero-touch bookmarking app in the cloud, with full text search support.

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/nrocco/bookmarks/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/nrocco/bookmarks/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/nrocco/bookmarks.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/nrocco/bookmarks)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/nrocco/bookmarks)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/nrocco/bookmarks)

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)


Installation
------------

First clone this git repository:

    $ git clone https://github.com/nrocco/bookmarks.git

Then compile

    $ make

Now you can run bookmarks server:

    $ build/bookmarks-darwin-amd64


Usage
-----

Alernatively you can use the docker container:

    $ docker run -p 3000:3000 nrocco/bookmarks


Contributing
------------

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Make sure that tests pass (`make test`)
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
6. Create new Pull Request


Contributors
------------

- Nico Di Rocco (https://github.com/nrocco)

Commit message:

Add disclaimer to the README file

README.md, after:

bookmarks
=========

Personal zero-touch bookmarking app in the cloud, with full text search support.

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/nrocco/bookmarks/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/nrocco/bookmarks/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/nrocco/bookmarks.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/nrocco/bookmarks)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/nrocco/bookmarks)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/nrocco/bookmarks)

![Screenshot](screenshot.png)


Disclaimer!
-----------

This open source project is not primarily a `zero-touch bookmarking app`. It
is more a personal playground for me to apply concepts I am learning about
`go`, `vue` software engineering. From one day to other this project can
change in ways you would not expect. And the next day it might change back.

Refer to https://github.com/nrocco/bookmarks/issues/23


Installation
------------

First clone this git repository:

    $ git clone https://github.com/nrocco/bookmarks.git

Then compile

    $ make

Now you can run bookmarks server:

    $ build/bookmarks-darwin-amd64


Usage
-----

Alernatively you can use the docker container:

    $ docker run -p 3000:3000 nrocco/bookmarks


Contributing
------------

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Make sure that tests pass (`make test`)
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
6. Create new Pull Request


Contributors
------------

- Nico Di Rocco (https://github.com/nrocco)
